Hey, what's [snorts] up? So, I just saw
a post from Simon Willis talking about
great example of a skill here, adding
the ability to generate images using
Nano Banana. So, if you go into this
thing, Claude doesn't do image
generation except it does just add a
skill that connects Nano Banana Pro to
your workspace. So, I just got done
doing tons of work on this and I want to
show you what I've done so far. I
basically built a skill that does this,
but it does it in a very specific way.
It takes any content and it deeply
understands the content and then it
translates
essentially my aesthetic of what I like
for art and combines the concept of the
input with the aesthetic that I actually
want to see. Right? So my my brand for
unsupervised learning which is like a
modified like Tokyo night type of vibe.
And so I want to show you what this
looks like. So this is one of the
images. Look at this. So this one is
about why I think VCs are in trouble
right now. And it's basically because
before there used to be a gatekeeper and
if you wanted to build anything, people
had to come to the VCs because they had
the money. And the little short article,
this is just a few bullets here,
basically says, "You don't have to do
that anymore. You could just build
stuff." And look what Kai made for me.
Kai is my digital assistant who like
built this for me. And look, he even
signs each image, right? Even signs each
image. This is insane. But anyway, look
what he wrote. So, keeping with my
theme, look, he's got some going into
the funnel, but most of the workflow
goes around the funnel. It followed the
actual concepts. Okay, here's another
one. Our constraints on creativity, a
list of different ways we limit
ourselves creatively. Look at this. You
got a perfect application of my Tokyo
night theme and the creativity of like
how the art looks and the line length
and like the line strength and how much
cartoony it looks and everything. All of
that is all defined in the thing I'm
about to show you. And look, he signed
this one as well. And it's cutting those
barriers. It's cutting those ropes that
are holding us back. Here's another one.
Leave the EM dash alone. I just
published this one. It's basically
saying I I've been using a bunch of EM
dashes forever. Actually, like 4,000 of
them, evidently since I started writing
in like 99. And look at this. I actually
stole this concept. I want to mention I
stole this concept. I saw this concept
from a Wall Street Journal article that
was the same. So I basically said, "Hey,
look. It's a human hand and a robot
hand, and they're fighting over an EM
dash." So this is what Kai made for me.
He didn't sign this one because I hadn't
added that yet. And this is like my
favorite one. Look at this. So, this
post is about humans needing entropy,
which came from a thing that Carpathy
was talking about when he was on the
Doresh podcast. He basically said that
humans and models both collapse. And as
you get older, you start to repeat the
same things. You don't have as much
diversity in your thoughts and ideas.
And essentially, you need to add
entropy. So, that's what this post is
about. And it goes through it and also
what the solution is. Look what Kai made
for me. Look at this image. This is just
ridiculous.
It's a full diagram,
right? That breaks the whole thing down
and it's got like this excalad draw like
style and kaisai in this one. Just
absolutely insane. I also just made this
was like half an hour ago or whatever. I
made this where it's my Twitter header
now. So you got human 1.0. We're
slightly improving. We got this big
crash because the AI impact and then
hopefully we're going to human 3.0 and
it arcs up. So I just described that
with dictation using whisper flow which
is what I use and boom made this
completely different art style and I
told it actually it was for a Twitter
header which means it made the long one
because it knew what that was. Crazy. So
what I want to do is basically show you
I want to show you what this code looks
like. Okay so inside of the art skill
that I have that's the way I've done
this. I've created an art skill that
does this. This is a custom routing
thing that I have up here. So basically
all my routing happens inside the system
prompt. and then here are the 14
different workflows. These are all the
different ways. Okay, so what I had Kai
do was go and study the the release of
anro 3 and then study the release and
then come back with all the different
things that it can do and turn those
into individual workflows. This is the
other thing that I do that's custom
beyond cloud code is I have a workflows
directory inside of every skill. So if I
do here and I go KSC
which is the core skill and I do tree
you see I've got workflows and each one
of these workflows is actually the
things that you can run and those are in
the header location right the front
matter the system prompt section which
has the routing right so when you call
it the skill looks to see what all it
can do by having that routing routing in
the system prompt and what's cool about
this is that cloud code loads those
things by default. So you have full
routing and I've got 50 skills or
something and I don't have to do manual
context management to handle that.
Anyway, all that to say that this is
what a skill looks like in particular
this one the art skill and so it's
completely crazy. So this is the
description of the workflows um all the
different things you could do with the
workflows which are routed to from the
system prompt and that's essentially
what that looks like. Now what this
calls on which I'm going to show you now
is it calls on this right here. This is
like step two. Step one is understand
our art aesthetic, which I'll show you
later or we'll talk about that later.
But your art aesthetic is just like your
look and feel, like your color scheme,
your style, like all that stuff. So
that's step one is look at the
aesthetic. I probably have that in here
somewhere. No, that's that's in this
one. Yeah, see there under core
aesthetic. But that's what it does
first. But the second piece it does is
it takes the content itself and it runs
it through this other skill which is
create story explanation or in this case
it's called story explanation. And what
this does is it does this big analysis
of the concepts in the file and it
breaks it down in a very simple way that
like explains it like ELI5 or whatever
explains it in very clear language like
Paul Graham or like Richard Feman or
something right so doesn't matter how
complex the concept is it could be an
entire book and it breaks it into 24
sections describing it perfectly that
becomes what you compose the composition
with that is then given to the art
prompt to turn it into a composition
completely crazy So, if we go and look
back here,
let's see.
Here's an example. Okay, so I actually
want to run this for you. I actually
want to run this for you and show you.
Here's an example of one I haven't done
yet. This is like an old piece of art.
Actually, it was an old attempt to do
this before Nano Banana 3 came out. I
don't like this art piece. You see what
I was going for? I was trying to do some
sort of aesthetic thing. But what I want
to do now is I want to go back and I
want to say
>> Kai here, ready to go.
>> What was the name of that thing? AI has
an opposite data problem. Okay, I have a
blog post called AI has the opposite
data problem and I want to run the art
skill and create a custom header image
for that and we will see what this thing
does. All right, art skill is running.
Is it running on the right thing though?
That's the question. We are now finding
the blog post. It found the blog post.
Reading the blog post. Dory explanation
skill is now running. Found the blog
post is now running through. Look at
this. I've also got a be creative skill,
which is basically increasing entropy on
this thing. Boom. Look at that. It just
broke down the concept into 24 pieces.
Now, it's going to create a composition
based on that full narrative arc.
Okay, what do we got here? Black primary
color, deep purple, visible visible
accent. Looks right. Sign Kai as a tiny
artist signature and charcoal bottom
right corner. Okay, now this is cool.
So, check this out. It's now executing a
command line tool. So, I've moved to
basically doing everything with CLI
tools. And now it is saving. And oh my
goodness, here it is over here.
Whoa.
Look at this thing.
Oh my goodness. That is such a good
capture of the concept. Look at all that
data it needs to find. You can't tell
because it's transparent. How is it
transparent, by the way? Oh my goodness.
Watch this. cuz it's using this as an
API. It's using this as an API and
that's how it's actually becoming
transparent.
All right. So, this is what it looked
like before if you remember.
And this is what it looks like now. This
is the one it actually came back with.
Absolutely insane. So, there's this one.
There's this one. There's this one.
There's this one. There's this one. Look
how it's following the same theme. It's
following the actual aesthetic. It's
This is my new art style for the entire
blog. I can go back to all these
different posts and I could actually
swap out the generic art that I made or
the generic midjourney that I did
starting in late 22 or whenever that
was. And it's now I can make customized
art. Kai can make customized art, right?
Using this skill. It's absolutely
insane. And because of those workflows
that I showed you, it's not just this
kind of artistic art, right? Like artsy
art. It's also workflow diagrams. I
could do mermaid diagrams. I could do
comic strips. I could do anything. All
because of the power of that Nano Banana
Pro, right? The version three. It's just
absolutely insane. And all built into a
skill which calls another skill. And
that brings me to the coolest part.
Guess what? All the stuff that I just
showed you, I'm not just going to talk
about it and then leave you hanging. We
have a repo here. We have a repo. It's
this PI repo right here
is where I put everything that I talk
about. Not everything, most everything.
This stuff that I just did was
sensitive. I'm like, "Okay, do I really
want to share?" Because this is ungodly
powerful, right? Guess what? I did. I
did share it. So, if you go into this
thing and you go into, let's see, let's
just go into the code and we go into
Claude and we go into skills.
Look at this. We've got the art system
here. We've got the workflows that I
just talked about to make all of these.
And the thing that it requires is the
other skill which is story explanation.
And it's here as well, the full skill.
You can now just go and make these
things and basically come up with your
own aesthetic because I published into
here. The aesthetic I published is
actually under the core skill.
And if we look for the aesthetic, I've
got one based on Tron and uh anthropic.
I think their art style is cool. So
there's like anthropicy a little bit, a
little Trrony or whatever. Something
that you know, it's not really copying
anybody because Tron's been around for a
very long time. But I just want to show
you this structure. So you can now give
your own AI, hey, I like this style. I
like greens and teals or whatever and
more artsy or less artsy, more
technical, more, I don't know,
infographic or whatever it is. Whatever
you want to put into your style, you put
into this aesthetic file. And then when
you go to create art using the art
skill, the first thing it checks is this
right here. All right. So, I hope this
helps. I hope you can see what I'm
talking about, how powerful this is, and
you can actually just go get the skill
and do it yourself. And now I'm going to
go back to Simon. I'm going to reply and
post some of the stuff up there. And
we'll see you in the next one.